# About

Hi! I'm a rising junior at Brown University double concentrating in Computer Science and Music, with additional significant coursework in Economics.

I'm broadly interested in studying human behavior computationally and modeling complex human systems with math. It means my transcript and experiences are kind of all over the place, but this has informed my interests in various areas of computer science (machine learning, natural language processing), social science (applied microeconomics and econometrics, linguistics, sociology, anthropology), and art (music theory), some of which I've explored and others I'm still getting to know better. I also hold a general fascination with how the world works, so I'm interested in virtually anything outside of these areas as well! I enjoy studying literature, music history, and various cool topics in the humanities and sciences, and I aspire to integrate all these areas of knowledge to put forth work to make the world a better place.

I'm also a creator; I love the process of building things from scratch and messing around with them in my sandbox, whether it's music composition, fiction writing, or code, and savoring all the cool skills and knowledge I gain from this process. Recently I've picked up cooking, and the exploration that comes from throwing a bunch of random ingredients into a pot has become one of my favorite parts of my day. In my free time, I also enjoy learning and playing [odd instruments](https://www.instagram.com/evotamatone/), reading books (classics and fantasy/sci-fi) and Wikipedia, listening to music (late/post Romantic symphonies and piano pieces), and not finishing the main quest in open world video games.

For more information, you can check out my [CV](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ) or explore the rest of this website at your own risk :)
